Test branch (#1)
mdeamico/test-project: docs/chapters/01_Chapter 1.md

Trying to include an html file:

{% include_relative page2.html %}

> Some edits to the bottom of this page.

Author: ```suggestion
An edit to the bottom of this page.
```
